Hello there
We have recently recieved word of a possible assassination attempt on Sylvana the wise during her next Campaign Speech.
Being a highly influencial politician between the non-humans and humans due to being a decendent of human and beastman,
failing to protect her will undo years of effort and destroy any chance of peace between the humans and the non humans.
Will you accept this mission?
1. I Accept this mission.
2. Sorry I am unavailable.
Very Well, we shall leave as soon as you are ready
Well, I must admit, I'm disappointed. I thought you might see the value in my proposal. But I understand,
not every path is meant to be taken. Perhaps fate has other plans for you.
Swords and spells drawn, are we ? So be it!I'll not go down without a fight.
Noble lords and ladies, I beseech you to set aside ancient biases.By forging alliances,
we can exchange knowledge and culture,
enriching our lives and forging a bond that will echo through the ages
Fear not the unfamiliar, 
for it is in diversity that true strength lies. Let us be an example to our children, that through diplomacy and unity,
we can ensure a world where every sentient being is valued and protected.
Together We Can ......
You must believe me ! I swear by the gods above, I had no part in that vile murder! If you delve into my life,
you'll find no motive for murder. Not even I understand what had happened ,
it almost feel like im being controlled by someonene else.
1. I have my faith in you.
2.I trust you.	
Oh thank the lords , I knew that you would trust me.
I understand the circumstances look dire, but I trust that you will be able to prove my innocence
Why are you doing this , dont you trust me ? Oh surely this must be a dream , this cant be reality!
You must be a fool still believing in your friends innocence , he commited a murder right infront of your eyes
It doesnt matter what you are going to do,should you insist on proving your friends innocence ,
bring all your evidence to the town square by 10am on the 8th of Frimaire where he shall be publicly executed!
1.I will prove his innocence
2. .......
Stop right there criminal scum! 
You've violated the law.Surrender now or serve your sentence ...  Very well you shall pay with your blood.
That was awfully brave of you when you take on the offer to prove your dearest friend's innocence. 
Should you fail this would cost great damages to the agencies reputation you know. Boss man is not going to be happy.
Anyways from the reports I have recieved it seems that there is a case of theft in the library,
perhaps there could be a relationship?" 
Really you really think that fighting me here is more important than solving crimes right now.
..... 
Ah pardon me did not notice you there , I am Agnes Dustwhisper the librarian of the Citadel of Chronicles . 
How may I be of service to you?
1. Ive heard a report of theft in this library , may I aquire more information about this case.
2. You Smell
Ah I would gladly help you with this ,
Unfortunately you would require a seal of approval from the only 3 Guardians that could enter the forbidden room.
Wolfgar the beastman values strength over everything else ,
perhaps a challenge of strength would grant you his approval
Lyraiel the elf however values intelligence insstead ,
nothing less than a series of knowledge test could earn you his respect.
Grandolf the mage however is more mysterious, pehaps a favor could earn his grattitude.
Well thats rude
Impossible how did you even know i was behind this !
How did you learn about my powers You shall be ELIMINATED!
Ah detective , Ive been expecting you ,by the ancient code of honor, 
I challenge you to meet me on the field of battle. 
Steel against steel, blood against blood with this feud only ending with one of us falling,
our battle will be carved into history.
O'Brave One... Your strength, extraordinary... Very well I accept my defeat , you shall not go unrewarded. 
Ah detective , Ive been expecting you , I offer you a challenge that dances at the edge of reason.
A puzzle, intricate and delicate, like the threads of destiny itself.
If you can unravel its threads, you shall find what you desire.
Such brute you are dear detective , 
I have given you a choice to obtain what you seek through a peaceful manner yet however you chose violence.
Ah you must be the detective everyone is talking about Ive heard that you need something from me.
Could you help me find the key to my house it seems that I have misplaced if somewhere. 
Oh foolish me
Oh dear Im way too old for this.
blup ,blup ...




 


	
		